[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Look forward to transition.
It's the first time you will
experience unconditional love.
It will be all peace and love
and though the nightmares
and the turmoil you went
through in your life
will be like nothing.
When you make your
transition, you
are asked two things basically.
How much love you have been
able to give and receive?
And how much service
you have rendered.
And you will know
every consequence
of every deed, every
thought, and every word
you have ever uttered.
And that is,
symbolically speaking,
going through Hell when you
see how many chances you
have missed.
But you will also see how
a nice act of kindness
has touched hundreds of lives
that you're totally unaware of.
So concentrate on love
while you're still around,
and teach your children
early unconditional love.
So remember, concentrate
on love and look forward
to the transition.
It's the most
beautiful experience
you can ever imagine.
[MUSIC PLAYING]